content/pages/earn-money.md, before:

---
title: earn money
blocks:
  - image:
      src: /uploads/earn_money.png
      alt: earn
    headline: Earn Money Online
    _template: banner
  - content:
      - headline: Make Money Online
        paragraph:
          - paragraph: >
              **Surveys show that more and more people want to earn money
              online** independently of compulsory wage work . Of course, the
              effort should be kept as small as possible. Bloggers, for example,
              have great earning potential. Their method is relatively simple:
              address the right target group to get as much commission as
              possible. This is possible with Internet advertising, because the
              next banner click is more likely with good content. Thanks to
              affiliate marketing, there are many orders with good remuneration
              - the income is right. Here, however, it must be considered: the
              effort is relatively large. A good blogger has to invest a lot of
              time in his blog. Good content is the be-all and end-all and must
              be renewed regularly.
          - paragraph: >
              Other surveys also show that few people want to set up their own
              platform for good reason. The effort is simply too high. There is
              no certainty of earning **permanent income** and getting paid. If
              there are no orders, you are liable yourself and those who blog
              always pay with their own lifetime. In short: the good earning
              potential comes at a very high price. You don't want to blog
              yourself and earn money quickly on the side? Fortunately, there
              are platforms that offer you exactly that: Welcome to eBesucher!
      - headline: Earn money on the side on eBesucher - 10 reasons
        paragraph:
          - paragraph: >
              Your online business or websites are new and are not yet
              performing on Google? We offer you high quality SEO traffic that
              will get you the customer and clients for the project of your
              choice. Purchase visitor points (BTP) for the surfbar. Create your
              traffic campaign and start counting targeted visitors right away!
              Get customized traffic and targeted visitors from one or more
              specific countries - get it fast. Thousands of visits per hour are
              possible. The best is: You do not even need any banner ads, your
              website is the ad!
        list:
          - list: >
              You don't have to hope that someone will click your banner. You
              [click banners yourself](/ "url") and get paid!
          - list: >
              You also don't have to hope that the [right target group](/ "url")
              will find you. You are the target group!
          - list: |
              You **don't have to build any content**. We show you content!
          - list: >
              You don't have to work overtime at night. [We pay you to sleep](/
              "url")!
          - list: >
              [You don't have to make a living from affiliate marketing](/
              "url") alone. We offer you many methods and earning opportunities!
          - list: >
              You don't have to deal with third party platforms. With us, the
              **user is king!**
          - list: >
              You don't have to invest anything. Membership is **completely
              free**!
          - list: >
              You don't have to be active in the medium term. A [passive
              income](/ "url") with lucrative remuneration is possible!
          - list: >
              You will not receive any tutoring and you do not need any prior
              knowledge. You start **right away!**
          - list: >
              You don't have to complete any surveys and we don't hire any
              product testers. **Choose the methods** that suit you and get your
              commission.
      - headline: Earn more than just pocket money
        paragraph:
          - paragraph: >
              Which activity do you pursue? Do you give tutoring as a part-time
              job? Do you get an extra income as a product tester? Do you make
              money with eBay classifieds? On eBesucher you get self-employment
              to earn more than just pocket money. Your additional income counts
              around the clock - whoever is active deserves it!
          - paragraph: >
              On eBesucher you earn money for [surfing the Internet](/ "url")
              via the surfbar or per click ad. Very comfortable, serious and by
              the way from home as online homework. All you need is a computer
              with an internet connection. Participation is of course free of
              charge and is 100% refinanced by advertising partners. As soon as
              you have earned credit equivalent to 2 euros, you can request a
              payout via Paypal or bank transfer. This will be processed within
              a maximum of 7 days. Sign up today and start earning real money!
              You can find out exactly how this works and what options you have
              on eBesucher here!
          - paragraph: >
              Would you like to earn more than just pocket money ? We offer you
              the best opportunity to earn money on the internet for free and
              without any prior knowledge. All you have to do is visit our
              advertising partners' sites: via [fully automated stream](/ "url")
              or [click ads](/ "url"). Participation on eBesucher is completely
              free and you can start right away. There is no obligation to be
              active and you do not have to buy or sell any products. There is
              no earnings limit and you can pay out from an income of 2.00 euros
              by bank transfer or PayPal permit. Register now and start your
              part-time job! Benefit today from our experience in online
              marketing and, like many other members, earn cash with eBesucher.
        list:
          - list: |
              Register for free on eBesucher and tell us your interests.
          - list: |
              Discover new websites and get bonus points for visiting our
              partners' sites (surfbar and clicks).
          - list: |
              Exchange your bonus points for real money and receive a payout from
              2 euros via PayPal or bank transfer!
    youtubeId: T_Po0UEr368
    _template: earnMoney
  - image:
      src: /uploads/testimonial.png
      alt: test
    headline: How can I make money on the internet?
    buttons:
      - label: Make Money Surfing
        type: button
        link: /
      - label: Make Money with Email
        type: button
        link: /
    _template: testimonial
---

Commit message:

Changes for sitemap and meta Description

content/pages/earn-money.md, after:

---
title: earn money
blocks:
  - image:
      src: /uploads/earn_money.png
      alt: earn
    headline: Earn Money Online
    _template: banner
  - content:
      - headline: Make Money Online
        paragraph:
          - paragraph: >
              **Surveys show that more and more people want to earn money
              online** independently of compulsory wage work . Of course, the
              effort should be kept as small as possible. Bloggers, for example,
              have great earning potential. Their method is relatively simple:
              address the right target group to get as much commission as
              possible. This is possible with Internet advertising, because the
              next banner click is more likely with good content. Thanks to
              affiliate marketing, there are many orders with good remuneration
              - the income is right. Here, however, it must be considered: the
              effort is relatively large. A good blogger has to invest a lot of
              time in his blog. Good content is the be-all and end-all and must
              be renewed regularly.
          - paragraph: >
              Other surveys also show that few people want to set up their own
              platform for good reason. The effort is simply too high. There is
              no certainty of earning **permanent income** and getting paid. If
              there are no orders, you are liable yourself and those who blog
              always pay with their own lifetime. In short: the good earning
              potential comes at a very high price. You don't want to blog
              yourself and earn money quickly on the side? Fortunately, there
              are platforms that offer you exactly that: Welcome to eBesucher!
      - headline: Earn money on the side on eBesucher - 10 reasons
        paragraph:
          - paragraph: >
              Your online business or websites are new and are not yet
              performing on Google? We offer you high quality SEO traffic that
              will get you the customer and clients for the project of your
              choice. Purchase visitor points (BTP) for the surfbar. Create your
              traffic campaign and start counting targeted visitors right away!
              Get customized traffic and targeted visitors from one or more
              specific countries - get it fast. Thousands of visits per hour are
              possible. The best is: You do not even need any banner ads, your
              website is the ad!
        list:
          - list: >
              You don't have to hope that someone will click your banner. You
              [click banners yourself](/ "url") and get paid!
          - list: >
              You also don't have to hope that the [right target group](/ "url")
              will find you. You are the target group!
          - list: |
              You **don't have to build any content**. We show you content!
          - list: >
              You don't have to work overtime at night. [We pay you to sleep](/
              "url")!
          - list: >
              [You don't have to make a living from affiliate marketing](/
              "url") alone. We offer you many methods and earning opportunities!
          - list: >
              You don't have to deal with third party platforms. With us, the
              **user is king!**
          - list: >
              You don't have to invest anything. Membership is **completely
              free**!
          - list: >
              You don't have to be active in the medium term. A [passive
              income](/ "url") with lucrative remuneration is possible!
          - list: >
              You will not receive any tutoring and you do not need any prior
              knowledge. You start **right away!**
          - list: >
              You don't have to complete any surveys and we don't hire any
              product testers. **Choose the methods** that suit you and get your
              commission.
      - headline: Earn more than just pocket money
        paragraph:
          - paragraph: >
              Which activity do you pursue? Do you give tutoring as a part-time
              job? Do you get an extra income as a product tester? Do you make
              money with eBay classifieds? On eBesucher you get self-employment
              to earn more than just pocket money. Your additional income counts
              around the clock - whoever is active deserves it!
          - paragraph: >
              On eBesucher you earn money for [surfing the Internet](/ "url")
              via the surfbar or per click ad. Very comfortable, serious and by
              the way from home as online homework. All you need is a computer
              with an internet connection. Participation is of course free of
              charge and is 100% refinanced by advertising partners. As soon as
              you have earned credit equivalent to 2 euros, you can request a
              payout via Paypal or bank transfer. This will be processed within
              a maximum of 7 days. Sign up today and start earning real money!
              You can find out exactly how this works and what options you have
              on eBesucher here!
          - paragraph: >
              Would you like to earn more than just pocket money ? We offer you
              the best opportunity to earn money on the internet for free and
              without any prior knowledge. All you have to do is visit our
              advertising partners' sites: via [fully automated stream](/ "url")
              or [click ads](/ "url"). Participation on eBesucher is completely
              free and you can start right away. There is no obligation to be
              active and you do not have to buy or sell any products. There is
              no earnings limit and you can pay out from an income of 2.00 euros
              by bank transfer or PayPal permit. Register now and start your
              part-time job! Benefit today from our experience in online
              marketing and, like many other members, earn cash with eBesucher.
        list:
          - list: |
              Register for free on eBesucher and tell us your interests.
          - list: |
              Discover new websites and get bonus points for visiting our
              partners' sites (surfbar and clicks).
          - list: >
              Exchange your bonus points for real money and receive a payout
              from

              2 euros via PayPal or bank transfer!
    youtubeId: T_Po0UEr368
    _template: earnMoney
  - image:
      src: /uploads/testimonial.png
      alt: test
    headline: How can I make money on the internet?
    buttons:
      - label: Make Money Surfing
        type: button
        link: /
      - label: Make Money with Email
        type: button
        link: /
    _template: testimonial
meta_title: Earn Money Online | eBesucher.com
meta_description: >-
  Earn money online for receiving advertising emails and for visiting websites
  of our partners through the surfbar and click campaigns.
meta_robots: 'INDEX, FOLLOW'
---
