content/pages/home.md, before:

---
title: Ebesucher-Home
blocks:
  - image:
      src: /uploads/Frame%20243.png
      alt: banner image
    headline: Make money or advertise!
    tagline: Visit new websites and get new visitors
    buttons:
      - label: Discover Websites
        type: button
        link: /
      - label: Manage Advertising
        type: button
        link: /
    _template: banner
  - headline: Choose your interests!
    Interests:
      - label: Job & Business
        image:
          src: /uploads/bank.png
          alt: Job & Business
        link: /
      - label: Free
        image:
          src: /uploads/tags.png
          alt: free
        link: /
      - label: Shopping & Ecommerce
        image:
          src: /uploads/shopping.png
          alt: shopping & ecommerce
        link: /
      - label: Webmasters & Homepages
        image:
          src: /uploads/code.png
          alt: Webmasters & Homepages
        link: /
      - label: Magazine & Books
        image:
          src: /uploads/read.png
          alt: Magazine & Books
        link: /
      - label: Telecom & Cell Phone
        image:
          src: /uploads/mobile.png
          alt: Telecom & Cell Phone
        link: /
      - label: Auctions
        image:
          src: /uploads/sound.png
          alt: Auctions
        link: /
      - label: Fun & Entertainment
        image:
          src: /uploads/smile.png
          alt: Fun & Entertainment
        link: /
    _template: interests
  - headline: 'Book advertising for your website, blog, or video!'
    text: >
      [Buying visitors](/ "visitors") for your website is easy. Buy advertising
      credits at [unbeatable prices](/ "unbeatable prices") and get **new
      website visitors!** Optimize the [bounce rate](/ "bounce rate") of your
      website or promote your presence on social media! With eBesucher you
      multiply your **reach** and lay the foundation for successful [internet
      marketing](/ "internet marketing")!
    Button:
      label: Book Advertising!
      type: button
      link: /
    image:
      src: /uploads/section 3.png
      alt: >-
        Photo of palm trees at sunset by Adam Birkett -
        unsplash.com/photos/75EFpyXu3Wg
    color: tint
    sides: left
    _template: hero
  - headline: Discover new websites and get paid!
    text: >
      We present websites to you via the [surfbar
      ](https://www.ebesucher.de/faq/was-ist-eine-surfbar "surfbar")or per
      [click ad](https://www.ebesucher.de/faq/geld-verdienen-mit-klicks "click
      ad"). You get points for every interaction. With your earnings, you can
      request a payout from a balance of €2.00. More than €1,000,000 has already
      been paid out to our users!
    Button:
      label: Discover Websites!
      type: button
      link: /
    image:
      src: /uploads/section 4.png
      alt: discover sites
    sides: right
    _template: hero
  - headline: To ask?
    text: >
      You can find answers to important questions in the [FAQs for users](/
      "users") or the [FAQ for advertisers](/ "advertisment"). Do you have
      further questions and would you like **personal support**? Contact our
      support now by [e-mail ](/ "email")or [by phone ](/ "phone")for a
      non-binding consultation!
    Button:
      label: Help & Contact
      type: button
      link: /
    image:
      src: /uploads/section 5.png
      alt: to ask
    color: tint
    sides: left
    _template: hero
---

Commit message:

Changes for sitemap and meta Description

content/pages/home.md, after:

---
title: Ebesucher-Home
blocks:
  - image:
      src: /uploads/Frame%20243.png
      alt: banner image
    headline: Make money or advertise!
    tagline: Visit new websites and get new visitors
    buttons:
      - label: Discover Websites
        type: button
        link: /
      - label: Manage Advertising
        type: button
        link: /
    _template: banner
  - headline: Choose your interests!
    Interests:
      - label: Job & Business
        image:
          src: /uploads/bank.png
          alt: Job & Business
        link: /
      - label: Free
        image:
          src: /uploads/tags.png
          alt: free
        link: /
      - label: Shopping & Ecommerce
        image:
          src: /uploads/shopping.png
          alt: shopping & ecommerce
        link: /
      - label: Webmasters & Homepages
        image:
          src: /uploads/code.png
          alt: Webmasters & Homepages
        link: /
      - label: Magazine & Books
        image:
          src: /uploads/read.png
          alt: Magazine & Books
        link: /
      - label: Telecom & Cell Phone
        image:
          src: /uploads/mobile.png
          alt: Telecom & Cell Phone
        link: /
      - label: Auctions
        image:
          src: /uploads/sound.png
          alt: Auctions
        link: /
      - label: Fun & Entertainment
        image:
          src: /uploads/smile.png
          alt: Fun & Entertainment
        link: /
    _template: interests
  - headline: 'Book advertising for your website, blog, or video!'
    text: >
      [Buying visitors](/ "visitors") for your website is easy. Buy advertising
      credits at [unbeatable prices](/ "unbeatable prices") and get **new
      website visitors!** Optimize the [bounce rate](/ "bounce rate") of your
      website or promote your presence on social media! With eBesucher you
      multiply your **reach** and lay the foundation for successful [internet
      marketing](/ "internet marketing")!
    Button:
      label: Book Advertising!
      type: button
      link: /
    image:
      src: /uploads/section 3.png
      alt: >-
        Photo of palm trees at sunset by Adam Birkett -
        unsplash.com/photos/75EFpyXu3Wg
    color: tint
    sides: left
    _template: hero
  - headline: Discover new websites and get paid!
    text: >
      We present websites to you via the [surfbar
      ](https://www.ebesucher.de/faq/was-ist-eine-surfbar "surfbar")or per
      [click ad](https://www.ebesucher.de/faq/geld-verdienen-mit-klicks "click
      ad"). You get points for every interaction. With your earnings, you can
      request a payout from a balance of €2.00. More than €1,000,000 has already
      been paid out to our users!
    Button:
      label: Discover Websites!
      type: button
      link: /
    image:
      src: /uploads/section 4.png
      alt: discover sites
    sides: right
    _template: hero
  - headline: To ask?
    text: >
      You can find answers to important questions in the [FAQs for users](/
      "users") or the [FAQ for advertisers](/ "advertisment"). Do you have
      further questions and would you like **personal support**? Contact our
      support now by [e-mail ](/ "email")or [by phone ](/ "phone")for a
      non-binding consultation!
    Button:
      label: Help & Contact
      type: button
      link: /
    image:
      src: /uploads/section 5.png
      alt: to ask
    color: tint
    sides: left
    _template: hero
meta_title: Surf the Web | Earn Money | Get New Visitors | eBesucher.com
meta_description: >-
  Tell us your interests, discover amazing websites and get paid for it - or get
  free visitors to your website, blog or video!
meta_robots: 'INDEX, FOLLOW'
---
