content/pages/imprint.md, before:

---
title: imprint
blocks:
  - head: Imprint
    tag: 'eBesucher is a project by:'
    address: TurboAd GmbHFritz-Reuter-Strasse 310827 BerlinGermany
    list:
      - name: Managing Director
        description: M.Sc. Evgeny Anisiforov
      - name: Register court
        description: 'Berlin-Charlottenburg, HRB 16073'
      - name: VAT ID
        description: DE291589828
    text: ''
    _template: imprint
  - head: Free advice
    list:
      - name: Support Hotline
        icon:
          src: /uploads/Imprint-Phone.png
          alt: phone
        description: +49 (30) 555799911 (landline)
      - name: Business customer hotline
        icon:
          src: /uploads/Imprint-Phone.png
          alt: Business customer hotline
        description: +49 (30) 555799912 (landline)
      - name: E-Mail
        icon:
          src: /uploads/imprint-Mail.png
          alt: E-Mail
        description: support@ebesucher.de
      - name: FAX
        icon:
          src: /uploads/imprint-Fax.png
          alt: FAX
        description: +49 (30) 555799917
    text: >
      This website uses the following technologies: [YAML CSS Framework](/
      "url"), [jQuery](/ "url")


      If you have problems with an [advertising booking](/ "url"), our support
      will be happy to help. In exceptional cases, you can also turn on the [OS
      dispute settlement platform](/ "url").
    _template: imprint
---

Commit message:

Changes for sitemap and meta Description

content/pages/imprint.md, after:

---
title: imprint
blocks:
  - head: Imprint
    tag: 'eBesucher is a project by:'
    address: TurboAd GmbHFritz-Reuter-Strasse 310827 BerlinGermany
    list:
      - name: Managing Director
        description: M.Sc. Evgeny Anisiforov
      - name: Register court
        description: 'Berlin-Charlottenburg, HRB 16073'
      - name: VAT ID
        description: DE291589828
    text: ''
    _template: imprint
  - head: Free advice
    list:
      - name: Support Hotline
        icon:
          src: /uploads/Imprint-Phone.png
          alt: phone
        description: +49 (30) 555799911 (landline)
      - name: Business customer hotline
        icon:
          src: /uploads/Imprint-Phone.png
          alt: Business customer hotline
        description: +49 (30) 555799912 (landline)
      - name: E-Mail
        icon:
          src: /uploads/imprint-Mail.png
          alt: E-Mail
        description: support@ebesucher.de
      - name: FAX
        icon:
          src: /uploads/imprint-Fax.png
          alt: FAX
        description: +49 (30) 555799917
    text: >
      This website uses the following technologies: [YAML CSS Framework](/
      "url"), [jQuery](/ "url")


      If you have problems with an [advertising booking](/ "url"), our support
      will be happy to help. In exceptional cases, you can also turn on the [OS
      dispute settlement platform](/ "url").
    _template: imprint
meta_title: Surf the Web | Earn Money | Get New Visitors | eBesucher.com
meta_description: >-
  Tell us your interests, discover amazing websites and get paid for it - or get
  free visitors to your website, blog or video!
meta_robots: 'INDEX, FOLLOW'
---
